vision and we have a sales provider position so right now we are in this in this interview
we are trying to realize what is the better option for you okay so i need to tell you something
and this position is for solvo global that is the name of our company but you will work with
oasis okay oasis oasis is a is the company is our partner in kenya in each country we we have we are
we have a specific partner so in oasis we have in kenya we have oasis in peru we have a apex in
guatemala we have allied and things like that okay so you will work with solo but it will be
contract by oasis is that okay okay that's all right for this position we we will work in give
me one second we will work in a ship that is that night ship as i mentioned you yesterday that is
that is that monday this is a monday to friday position we are working since 8 a.m to 6 p.m
in the central time okay that is something like i will tell you what it's day that is the time in
from oh my god from 1 p.m to 11 p.m okay okay that is the that is the shift i don't i'm not pretty
sure about if this is a night position because here in colombia if you work from a 9 p.m
ongoing it's a night position okay but i don't know how it works in kenya so yeah it's also a night
position it's a night position yeah okay so in case in case this is our night shift position you will
have the transportation allowance okay okay okay and give me one second and that's all for this
position we don't have the salary approved yet but i really want to know what is your salary
expectation christine uh my salary expectation would be uh 40 000 going up 40 000 going up okay and
i don't know if this is the salary but in case it's lower but with commission it's okay
for you something that you want to negotiate or is like this is my best and this is any if the salary
is lower i don't want to to be part of the selection process no it's okay we would talk about it because
i do not know how much you guys are offering but that would be my expectation and i'll be open to hear
what the salary is so there's no problem okay okay christine i want to know because because i take notes
of the space or the interviews i have if christine is right a spell like c h r a s t i i sorry c h r i e s t i n
can i spell it for you can i spell it for you oh okay okay perfect see it's okay thank you it's c h r i s t i n e
n e okay that's perfect so and give me one second this position is an on-site position the site
we have in kenya is in the office of royal offices in mogotya road kenya it's that near
from where you live is far away uh it's a bit of a distance but i can commute there
okay do you have your own transportation no or it's public it's probably yeah public means of
transport okay okay that's okay and i want to know there are things i really need to know is that
i think that's all so let's talk about this process okay the sales agent is a person who is in charge
of being the sales responsibility of the process we have here in server okay so what we are selling is
positions we we are a company that provides services to other companies especially in usa and in spain
but in this case this position is for usa so what we are trying to say is trying to
sell selection processes like if in a company maybe they need i don't know a software engineer
and then we are trying to convince the ceo of the company and tell him or tell him
we can provide you that in software engineer and it's better for you for them than that and it's
better for you because it's a lower salary than you will be paying if you contract someone here in usa
things like that okay that is the role for the position you will have a kpi obviously you will have to
make some outbound calls like you need to contact the candidate the the client sorry and then you would have to
like record the spaces like being so organized with the information you perceive from the client
uh-huh that is the sales agent position okay on the other hand the sales supervisor position
is this is the is the role that is in charge of being pretty sure that all the agents team that it
will be like 10 agents if i'm not mistaken achieve their goals okay so you have to train them you have to
coach then you have to um review if all the qa processes is okay with the calls they are making
and try to a training not just in like difficult sorry different situation but in sales okay like
how to sales properly that is the thing that the sales supervisor will need to do so and for the
sales supervisor position we have some a salary that is around if i'm not mistaken like 75 000 credential
and then you will earn commissions by the sales of the agent so that's all but for this position i know we
require someone who has experience working in sales and who has experience working as a supervisor i don't
know that it's if it's required to work as sales supervisor so i will ask and then when i know i will tell you okay
okay okay so keeping that in mind it's okay everything for you did you understand everything that i'm
trying to say yes i got you i understand everything okay so keeping that in mind let's talk about you
who is christine what is the chris what is the thing that christine loved the most where christine lives
what is your knowledge your studies what is your is experience okay so all right so my name is faith
christine i'm from kenyan nairobi i live actually i live just right outside nairobi okay yes so my i'll start
with dedication i have a degree in mass communication and media studies oh my god really yes oh that's
amazing yes and i have a certificate in photography as a profession oh i can't believe that's amazing
oh my god it's amazing it's really amazing it's like impressive i really like to photographers
to photography now you see i do photography yes yes photography and videos oh that's amazing again
please forgive me continue all right so for my work experience i have worked i used to work in a bpo that
is uh i used to work as a supervisor okay it was different because i worked as an agent first where
i was handling inbound and outbound calls assisting customers with any issues they had so i was working
for a telecommunication bpo and then i used to do customer support if a customer is is coming in with
issues that an agent cannot resolve i would assist them in that because i was a team captain
yes i used to work with my team leader to make sure that the team is running smoothly and then i used to
work with management of customers and i also did coaching for new team members okay okay that was when you
uh get your promotion to supervisor yes i was working as a customer support slash i would supervise in
place when my supervisor was not around because i was working as the assistant okay so okay okay i
understand yes i used to provide coaching for new uh new members of the team as a team captain and in case
they had issues with resolving the customer issue i would hop on the call and make sure there's a smooth
run and the customer is satisfied okay okay when you were when you were supervisor how many agents do you
have in charge 15 15 15 that's a lot of aging every team has around 10 to 15 members oh my god and for
how much time did you work as supervisor uh for a supervisor i worked close to the time i left the
company for around six not six actually i worked as a supervisor for a year because i stayed in the job for
two and i was promoted within a year okay okay okay yes okay let's continue all right so besides that
i have also worked as a personal assistant where i used to manage uh schedules for my then boss i used to
plan their calendar go for meetings with them and journal for them then take the minutes for their
meetings and handle their calls directly as a personal assistant yes for how much time do you work as
personal assistant uh for a personal assistant i also worked for two two years yes okay okay well okay
continue please if i have questions i will be interrupting you okay that's okay
yeah um go ahead what else would you like to know sorry no no no go ahead you please okay so i've worked
as a personal assistant has worked i've worked uh as a customer uh care customer service agent
and that was my last job as a customer service agent okay for for how much time do you work as customer
service agent on your last job oh the last position i had as a customer service agent
for how much time yes that's what i'm asking yes i i worked as a customer service agent for two years
how many years of experience do you have in work in work generally i have six six years of experience
and sorry but i'm done i'm not understanding in which experience do you have experience in sales
oh so in the customer service agent as a customer service agent what we used to do in the bp in this
company we would uh talk to customers because it's a telecommunication and there was places where we
would sell devices to our customers ah okay do you have a phone responsibilities as customer support and
then you would have responsibility as sales agent that's okay yes that's sales yes there was sales
so where we would sell uh the items products from the company so if the company had a new phone that
came out you'd make sure you pitch it to the client and then you convince them to buy it and make a sale
okay okay okay okay and that's that's there's a specific type of sales what is the name of this kind
of sales like upgrading sales not really upgrading okay we have upgrading sales where if you came in
with uh for example we have we had things we call packages if you come in with a lower package and i
want you to upgrade to a higher package i would have to convince you as to why you need this higher
package and then i make sure i upgrade you there was the upgrading package and there was ones who came
me with no package at all so i have to to teach you or to inform you that we offer packages in this
company and i give you the number of packages we have and i tell you the importance of each and then
i let you decide which package you want okay okay okay yes so it's perfect perfect so i want to know
when you work as customer service customer support agent how many supervisors do you have
and above me i have i have the direct supervisor who i report to and then there's two more supervisors
and how do you feel about working with different supervisors
it's actually that's a good question because different people have different ways of handling
issues so it was a good experience because from each one of them if i would talk to one and i feel like
i did not get exactly what i want i would request that we both talk to another supervisor to get their
insight so it gave me a sense where like you're able to incorporate different people with their
different personalities to come to a resignation okay okay okay okay perfect thank you faith i want to know
what do you think about working with clients in usa then you think that they are really difficult
clients sometimes yes because i remember i was working uh also with a u.s client and it's also a
very nice experience because you get different people because there's customers who are very friendly
there's customers who are very direct they don't want to talk anything about business and then you get
there's customers who come in and they're very irate like they are very upset and then you need to stay
professional make sure they feel like you can hear them and then you make sure you bring a resolution to
them so having to work between those kind of clients also builds me as a person to know when to be
firm how to handle people and still remain professional yes okay okay that's a really good answer thank you
so chris christine christine i want to know how do you feel about working in a company where
you are in constantly change like for example you're trying to understand some process and then you
receive and i don't know like the information from your supervisor that you will change all the
processes as you're doing right now and you need to change from now hey how do you feel about it
it is it is it depends i could take it positively because the world is changing so you have to adapt
to how fast things move we're in a world that is full of changes you can wake up tomorrow and something
is different from watch from the norm so if uh i'm in a company where things are changing all i need to
know is i need to be very alert i need to be very fast and i need to be very positive
that's a really answer too christine tell me why do you want to work in sales i think that it can be
a little bit frustrating what do you like to work in sales because i like to see things moving and in
sales things move and if things are not moving you have to make them move what do i mean by this if you
have been given uh like a product you need to sell you know this is my responsibility to make sure that
this product moves because if it doesn't move then i'm not doing my job and in sales it pushes you to
talk to people and uh it makes you open to new new ways of interacting with people whereby regardless
of how someone feels about it you always know you're not just selling a product you're selling
an emotion so what is it that this product is going to help this person with you have to make
them feel like i really need this even when they don't you just have to make them feel like i actually
donate this product so that is something that i get so much joy doing like i see i've been able to
talk to someone and convince them to do something i'm like yes i actually did it so that motivates me
to want to do more so that is one of the things that really makes me want to get into sales
that's a really answer too i'm really impressed you about your answer and your profile thank you
christine you're welcome well christine i want to know a i want to know if you have maybe any plans
to travel abroad or trying to leave kenya on your next six months no i don't have plans to travel in
the next six months okay okay okay thank you christine well christine i mean i don't have more questions
just one more have you ever worked at oasis before no i have not okay okay are you sure yes i'm 100 sure
i've not worked at oasis okay that's perfect faith so it's christine sorry so i that's what we are going
to do okay what we are going to do is i will send you a message on whatsapp okay asking you for
a video presentation in this video presentation you need to think about how you can face
a sales agent okay so what is the attitude of what says of a sales agent what is the information
that you need to do to convince the higher hiring manager to hire you or to interview you
okay okay and then you will send me the video and your cv with the sales experience in okay all right
and that's all i will send you the information remote okay i will send you the information we have
about the rule and i will be expecting your bit all right okay thank you so much for your time thank
you so much for your time i really enjoyed this interview christine i think you're a really good
fit for this position thank you so much i appreciate that and so do you have any question uh not at the
moment i believe you have explained things perfectly and i understood and for now i don't have any
questions okay so that's perfect thank you thank you thank you take care and hope to hear from you
soon all right all right bye bye bye bye bye